Hyperduck

Level and/or Story Progression:

Herald the friendly rubber duck just wants
to live the simple life.He's happiest when
he's free to play with his firends and go 
on riveting adventures in the bathtub. He's
a hyper little one and loves to pretend he's
HYPER DUCK! The ultimate rubber duck super hero!

One dark day the all-mighty oppressive HAND
appeared and enslaved all the toys, including
Herald, to do his evil bidding. The hand would
continually plunge Herald underwater and he 
didn't know how much he could take.

He blacked out and heard a voice... It sounded
like...It sounded like HYPER DUCK!
"Wake now and fight back! If you can resist I
will lend you my strength and you will become
The HAND's greatest enemy! He will fear you! But
you have to take a stand and escape this bathtub!"

Commence Gameplay!

Possible items for points/health/energy:
Bubbles
Bread crumbs
Fish Pellet
Fish
Hyper Star Shards
Stars (different colors red, blue, yellow/gold)
Hyper Coins (different colors gold, silver, bronze)
Cape
Sunglasses

Level 1: The HAND's Hot Pursuit

Avoid whirlpools, soap-bubble traps, tub-title-waves
All while the HAND is after you trying to grab and drown you.
Reach the drain plug, unplug it and go down the drain.

Level 2: Sewer Slide

Avoid alligators, chemical (pool) traps, drain offshoots,
broken pipes, and various trash.

Could have a Gator King of the Sewer in persuit of Hyper Duck.
Find light at the end of the sewer tunnel and exit.

Level 3: Rapid River Rush

Avoid river rapids that speed you up and slow you down.
Avoid river rocks, flying fish, and evil nature ducks.
The evil nature ducks can be either realistic ducks or:

A dark red or black rubber duck that escaped the HAND long
ago and became ruler of the River. He hates the hand but also
hates invaders of his territory.

Reach a waterfall and blackout...

Secret Waterfall Level: Much reach 10,000,000 points to play waterfall level. You are falling and the HAND is falling after you.
Avoid jagged rocks, quick swooping hawks, and twisted tree branches.

Level 4: Oh No Ocean

Stuck in an Ocean Storm, avoid lightening, sharks, ghost
ships, and maybe a pirate duck?

Level 5: The HAND's Return

Open ocean battle. You've escaped the strom, and now have to 
face the HAND in final battle. Every possible obstacle and trap is
thrown your way.


Level X (Bonus maybe?): Spcace flight level with UFO's, Aliens
(or alien ducks), and the HAND in a rocket ship chasing you
in a ducky astronaut suit equipped with a jetpack. 
Can buy add on or reach 100,000,000 points to unlock?